Bridge, where have you been?
It's been almost a day and I'm nowhere to be seen
He must have gone back early to pack his things.
This store is going to be out of stock, and it will leave in advance.
Although I raised money
Where did you get it?
Sengoku bronzes
Where are you from?
Let it go.
This line is enough to exchange back to our store.
That's fine.
With this, our store will definitely be fine, haha.
Bridge you are amazing
Boss Wang
Collection today?
If I don't see the money yet
I'll take everything from your store
I smashed them one by one
Then I burned it all on fire
Money not raised
But I can pay off my debt with something
debt repayment
Haha, are you mistaken?
Just the crap in your shitty store
Do you have enough money?
He doesn't count enough if you add your town store treasure
Pay off the debt, what do you get to pay off the debt?
Fang Shao
Is this thing real? It looks real
Ammonia without acid
It's not like making wine manually
That must be worth a lot of money.
At least 50 million
What? I don't make a lot of money.
This newly unearthed bronze
Where did you find it?
Hmph, I bought it on the black market, the black market
Hahahaha
Do you know what you're talking about?
What about the black market for things like this?
Looking at the entire Hangcheng, only Brother Tiger has it
So Boss Hong, this is fake.
Go find someone to test, and the test will be over.
Unknown thing
Tell the truth
What about the little demon network?
Just met
Go and invite Brother Tiger over